---
ms.assetid: 69ec592a-5499-4249-8ba0-afa356a8ff75
title: "Referência técnica de registro de dispositivo"
description: 
author: billmath
ms.author: billmath
manager: femila
ms.date: 05/31/2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: windows-server-threshold
ms.technology: identity-adfs
ms.openlocfilehash: fac6437e9b6c3893064769a8279c2cf96cbc47d6
ms.sourcegitcommit: db290fa07e9d50686667bfba3969e20377548504
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: pt-BR
ms.lasthandoff: 12/12/2017
---
>Aplica-se a: Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2012 R2

# <a name="device-registration-technical-reference"></a>Referência técnica de registro de dispositivo
The Device Registration Service \(DRS\) is a new Windows service that is included with the Active Directory Federation Service Role on Windows Server 2012 R2.  The DRS must be installed and configured on all of the federation servers in your AD FS farm.  For information on deploying DRS, see [Configure a federation server with Device Registration Service](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn486831.aspx).  
  
## <a name="active-directory-objects-created-when-a-device-is-registered"></a>Active Directory objects created when a device is registered  
The following Active Directory objects are created as part of Device Registration Service.  
  
### <a name="device-registration-configuration"></a>Device Registration Configuration  
The Device Registration Configuration is stored in the Configuration naming context of the Active Directory forest. \(For example, **CN\=Device Registration Configuration,CN\=Services,<configuration\-naming\-context>**\). This object is created when the Active Directory forest is initialed for Device Registration.  
  
The Device Registration Configuration includes the following elements:  
  
-   **Issuer keys**  
  
    The public and private keys used to issue the X.509 certificate that is associated with a registered device.  The private keys are DKM protected.  
  
-   **Device Registration Service Configuration**  
  
    Policies relating to the Device Registration Service.  
  
### <a name="registered-devices-container"></a>Registered devices container  
The device object container is created under one of the domains in the Active Directory forest.  This object container will contain all of the device objects for the Active Directory forest.  
  
By default, the container is created in the same domain as AD FS.  \(For example, **CN\=RegisteredDevices,DC\=<default\-naming\-context>**\).This object is created when the Active Directory forest is initialed for Device Registration.  
  
### <a name="registered-devices"></a>Dispositivos registrados  
Device objects are new, light weight objects in Active Directory.  They are used to represent the relationship between: a user, a device, and the company.  Device objects use a certificate signed by AD FS to anchor the physical device to the logical device object in Active Directory.  
  
Registered devices includes the following elements:  
  
-   **Nome de exibição**  
  
    Friendly name of the device.  For windows devices, this is the host name of the computer.  
  
-   **Device Id**  
  
    A GUID that is generated by the Device Registration server.  
  
-   **Certificate Thumbprint**  
  
    The certificate thumbprint of the X.509 certificate that is used with the registered device.  
  
-   **OS Type**  
  
    The operating system type on the device.  
  
-   **OS Version**  
  
    The version of the operating system on the device.  
  
-   **Is Enabled**  
  
    A Boolean that indicates if the device is enabled in Active Directory.  Only enabled devices are allowed to access to services.  
  
-   **Approximate Last Use Time**  
  
    The approximate time the device was used to access a resource.  To limit replication traffic, this is only updated once every 14 days.  
  
-   **Registered Owner**  
  
    The Security Identity \(SID\) of the user that joined this device to the workplace.  
  
## <a name="ad-fsdrs-server-ssl-certificate-revocation-checking"></a>AD FS\/DRS Server SSL certificate revocation checking  
The Workplace Join client checks the validity of the AD FS Server SSL certificate.  If the AD FS Server SSL certificate includes a Certificate Revocation List \(CRL\) endpoint, the client must be able to reach the endpoint specified to validate the certificate.  
  
If you are using a test environment and a test certificate authority \(CA\) to issue your server SSL certificates then you can choose to not include the CRL endpoint in the server certificates issued by your CA.  Doing so will allow the Workplace Join client to bypass the CRL check.  
  
> [!CAUTION]  
> This is never recommended for production systems  
  

